those way it it kind of has yes I'm and
you can opt out to use your regular
attack moves or what you can do is when
you press and hold the button it
activates I to come out so you could do
one attack what this could do is really
set up a situation where the player
would have to choose 5050 between the
mineral low or throw because they you
really get mixed up but he's not as fast
as the other characters in the game so
this is a basic beat but if I hold it he
comes out and if I time it right what i
can do is i can actually get it to combo
I'm going to build up a little bit of
bar maybe this house is throws pretty
good you know they activate iron and you
working together as a team just as
special samantha rose I'm really helped
out for this character is great combo
potential I mean I know that so Calvin
really is it all about juggles but what
he has guess ways to manipulate the
stuns to get more hits so that way that
mean ask awesome full bar maybe I didn't
get as much as a critical edge would've
but I had the positioning that I wanted
it's really helped me out I can call I
now to really help and what i can do is
i can hold it go around troll get behind
and really manipulate a 50-50 in that
instance I mean they do have time if
they're able to anticipate it but not
that
we've got a really cool break a pack
so Brady Tech is one of these charges
you're going to see your weapons
surrounded by a little bit of
electricity and what it does is that for
anybody who's a fighting game geeks what
this does is that it sets you up for
frame advantage you have I mean for
somebody who's just hopping into it it's
enabling you to kind of go beyond your
normal selection of what you normally
choose to do maybe have you opt out to
do something that's a little bit slower
but because of this advantage you can
kind of go all out and just pick between
whatever move you want it allow you to a
sidewalk really sighs I mean you can do
a quick step for any of the moves are
you guys advantage foot at that point
when you really hit it even on block I
mean it's something that doesn't have to
connect as being a pain in my ass
so I hope you enjoyed that's just a
little taste so I and I'm i know this
filthy rich sign off I hope you guys
enjoyed please